# duets in latent spaces

**performance + software + sound + concept by marlon barrios solano**


https://github.com/marlonbarrios/duets-in-latent-space/assets/90220317/372e0a1a-a565-49f7-b781-56f3f0966cd2



*This is the unseeable space in which machine learning makes its meaning. Beyond that which we are incapable of visualizing is that which we are incapable of even understanding.* - James Bridle

I explore an unknown probability space and the generative potential of interacting with AI models to co-create stories in real-time. Latent Space is a conceptual and mathematical space generated by algorithms, particularly those used in machine learning and generative AI models. I perform actions in latent space, especially with AI models. I interact with AI models in a way that generates outputs based on the vast, unseen dimensions of the data it has learned from, manipulating inputs, actions and prompts attempting to guide the model's generative process. Performing in real-time within latent spaces becomes a strange relationship with mutating texts, images and sound scapes; a cognitive coupling within a probability space of longing, memories, fiber optics, neural networks and algorithms.

## Nodes

### Extraordinary Alien

- **Model:** MediaPipeGesture Recognition
- [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/marlonbarrios/extraordinary-alien)


### Entropic Haiku

- **Model:** GPT-4
- [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/marlonbarrios/entropic_haiku)

### In Pursuit of Stolen Ghosts

- **Model:** Stable Diffusion XL
- [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/marlonbarrios/in-pursuit-of-stolen-ghosts)

### Bauhaus Time Traveller

- **Model:** Stable Diffusion XL
- [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/marlonbarrios/bauhaus-time-traveler)

### Impossible Simplicity

- **Model:** MediaPipe Pose Landmark
- [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/marlonbarrios/impossible-simplicity)


https://github.com/marlonbarrios/duets-in-latent-space/assets/90220317/916290b2-f48f-4f96-844c-c17d0b2be14c


### Remembering Steve Paxton (1939-2024)

*Thanks to Lake Studios Berlin!*

## MIT License

Copyright (c) 2024 Marlon Barrios Solano

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
